Docs
# Basic Information Specifications
TikTok for Developers requires you to provide basic information about your app. Once submitted, we will review this information for compliance with our policies.
Submission and approval of your app's basic information is mandatory for app publication.
## Prerequisite
You must have an app that represents your mini game registered under an organization on the Developer Portal.
## Fill out your app's basic information
Click the **Basic information** tab on your app page to find the requested information.
### App information
[Fill out your app's information. You must comply with TikTok's community guidelines](https://www.tiktok.com/community-guidelines/en), ensuring that your app information does not contain non-compliant content. Apps that do not meet our safety baseline will not pass moderation.

| **Field** | **Requirements** |
| --- | --- |
| App icon | Your app icon displayed to users: PNG, JPEG, JPG, BMP 600 x 600 px, up to 6MB Must not contain rounded corners, watermarks, or QR codes Must not infringe IP or contain illegal content Must be a clear image Must not contain any sensitive or inappropriate content Must not be easily confused with another well-known brand icon Must be consistent with the app name or brand |
| App name | Your app name displayed to users: Must not exceed 50 characters Should be appropriate and not contain any sensitive terminology _Examples: Any adult content, like lottery, gambling, abortion, violence, drugs, and any potentially negative or harmful content, like conspiracy theories, terrorism, and more_ Should not be, include, or be attempting to copy the name of other well-known apps _Examples: TikTok, Tik Tok, T1kTok, and use of a few characters together with Tik/Tok_ Must match the description |
| Description | [[A brief explanation of what your mini game does and how it works, displayed to users Must not exceed 500 characters. Must be compliant with the TikTok Community Guidelines](https://www.tiktok.com/community-guidelines/en/) and TikTok Developer Terms of Service](https://www.tiktok.com/legal/tik-tok-developer-terms-of-service) |
| Category | The type of mini game, select based on the content of your mini game |
| Subcategory | Extra information that can make your mini game more discoverable to users |

### Terms & Privacy
TikTok for Developers requires you to provide URLs for your official Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. These will be displayed on your mini game's loading page.
- **Terms of Service URL**: Your Terms of Service address that will be displayed to users for access.
- **Privacy Policy URL**: Your Privacy Policy address that will be displayed to users for access.
### Minimum supported library version
[Choose which Mini Games SDK version you will use for your mini game. Only the specified minimum SDK version or higher will be supported. If a user's library version is below this requirement, they’ll be prompted to update the TikTok app. Refer to the Mini Games SDK update log](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/mini-games-base-library-update-log) for more information.
### Release regions
Select where you will launch your mini game. Some regions may have specific requirements.

| **Region** | **Specific requirements** |
| --- | --- |
| Brazil, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Thailand, Turkey | None |
| United States | [Approval from TikTok to launch in the US. Learn more about requesting approval for US launch](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/launch-your-app-to-us-users-minigames). |
| Vietnam | G1 Online Game License from the Vietnam Ministry of Information and Communications |

[If you want to support multiple languages for your mini app, you can configure localization separately. Learn more about localizing your mini game](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/configure-localization).
### Copyright & Content
You are required to sign a copyright content self-inspection form declaring that your mini app complies with copyright laws.
### Developer information
- [**Apple Team ID**: A unique string generated by Apple that you must provide, so users of iOS devices can access mini games. To find your Apple Team ID, sign in to your Apple developer account and click "Membership details." Learn more on Apple Developer](https://developer.apple.com/help/account/manage-your-team/locate-your-team-id/).
- **Email**: Users can contact you through this email if the report result doesn't meet their expectations and they submit an appeal for review. You must verify this email by two-factor authentication.
## Add additional languages
[TikTok supports additional languages for your main game. Learn more about localizing your mini game](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/configure-localization).
## Submit your basic information for approval
When you're ready to submit your app's basic information for approval, click the **Submit **button. Our team will review each field in your basic information configuration and will communicate results as soon as we can.
You will see the approved and already online information on the app’s **Basic Information** page. There you’ll see the review status of each item and will be able to view the results by clicking **Edit.**
## Edit your basic information
If you need to modify any information after submission, you can make edits and submit changes. Our team will review and approve individual changes.
How to make an edit:
- Click the **Edit** button next to the section you would like to update.
- Make necessary edits to your desired fields.
- Click the** Submit changes** button.
- Click the **Confirm **button and we'll review your changes.
## Add languages
[If you plan on launching your app in multiple global regions and want to add additional languages, you can configure localization](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/configure-localization) on your app page.
Was this document helpful?