Docs
# Development Stage
During this stage you will create your mini game file, integrate with necessary APIs, and test your configuration. Follow the steps outlined below to complete development of your mini game.
## Build your mini game independently
Use a third-party game engine and integrated development environment (IDE) to develop your mini game. After you've finished developing your mini game, export your project to an HTML5 or web mobile-compatible file.
Note: Your finished mini game file must be HTML5 compatible. Therefore, you are advised to develop your mini game using a lightweight game engine that is mobile-friendly.
### Technical standards for development
When building your mini game for TikTok, you should follow technical standards for mobile webpage development, with some constraints and extra capabilities. A complete mini game project file should include the following directory structure:
```
.
├── dist // Build output
│   ├── ...
│   ├── minigame.config.json  // [auto generated by CLI tool] Sync from ./minigame.config.json
├── src // Project source code
│   ├── ...
├── ...
├── minigame.config.json  // Declare mini game configurations, such as navigation color
└── package.json
```
### Development restrictions
Make sure your mini game file abides by the following development restrictions:
- Using the `eval()` function in JavaScript code is forbidden.
- Using the `Function` constructor is forbidden.
- Using string parameters in `setTimeout()` and `setInterval()` functions is forbidden.
- In addition to introducing fonts, the `src` of script and CSS can only come from self resources.
- Some web APIs are forbidden, such as clipboard, location, and vibration APIs.
- Server request addresses must be registered as trusted domains in the **Security configurations** section of your app page.
## Install command-line interface tool
After completing development of your mini game and exporting it as an HTML5-compatible file, install the command-line interface (CLI) tool to begin the debugging process:
```
npm install @ttmg/cli@latest -g
```
After installing the CLI tool, you can use the following CLI commands:
```
Usage: ttdx minigame [options] [command] 

Description: TikTok mini games relevant commands

Commands:
  init                                 initialize minigame.config.json
  build                                generate mini game dependent files to build product folder
  dev                                  start local debugging
  
Options:
  -h, --help                             display help for command
```
Next, initialize configuration of your mini game's JSON file by running the `init` command:
```
cd path/to/your/game/build
ttmg init --h5
```
Running the `init` command in the game product directory does the following three things:
- Automatically generates the `minigame.config.json` file in the mini game. You must fill in the requested information in `minigame.config.json`. Providing your app's`client_key` is required.
- [Automatically injects Mini Games SDK](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/mini-games-sdk-get-started) initialization code in `index.html`. Mini Games SDK is the JavaScript toolkit that provides access to TikTok's client-side functionalities, including authentication from your web app to TikTok. You need to replace the `client_Key` passed in `TTMinis.game()` with a valid value.
Note: In the mini game `index.html`, introduce Mini Games SDK to the first script tag and call `TTMinis.game`.
Please call `TTMinis.game` after the script is imported, otherwise the SDK will not be injected and the call will fail.
```
<head>
  <script src="https://connect.tiktok-minis.com/game/sdk.js"></script> <!-- Must be the first line after <head> -->
  <script>
    TTMinis.game.init({
      clientKey: `${your_client_key}`,
    });
  </script>
</head>
```
- Automatically injects Console scripts in `index.html`.
```
// index.html
<head>
...
 <script src="https://connect.tiktok-minis.com/libs/eruda.js"></script>
 <script>
    eruda.init();
 </script>
</head>
```
### JSON configuration parameters
The `minigame.config.json` file specifies global settings for your mini game, such as navbar colors and development configurations. Here’s an example configuration:
```
{
  "
```
Below is list of JSON configuration parameters.

| Parameters | required | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **orientation** | `YES` | `"VERTICAL" | "HORIZONTAL"` | `VERTICAL` |
| **Navbar** |
| navbar | No | `object` | Configuration items related to mini game navigation bar |
| navbar.bgColorLight | No | `string` | Navigation bar background color in light mode |
| navbar.bgColorDark | No | `string` | Navigation bar background color in dark mode |
| **Dev** |
| dev | No | `object` | Local development configuration items |
| dev.host | No | `string` | Example: localhost Default: localhost |
| dev.port | No | `number` | Example: 4000 Default: 3000 |
| **Build** |
| build | No | `object` | Product build related configuration |
| build.outputDir | No | `string` | The folder name of the build product Example: dist | build Default: build |
| build.htmlEntry | No | `string` | The frontend project html entry Example：index.html | public/index.html Default：public/index.html |

### Access game loading state
[When the main framework loads game resources, you must inform the main framework of the game loading progress through `TTMinis.game.setLoadingProgress](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/mini-games-sdk-get-started#setloadingprogress(opts))`. If progress reaches a value of 1, the main framework will exit the loading page and display the mini game screen.
```
TTMinis.game.setLoadingProgress({
  progress: 1,
  success: () => {
  // Do something when succeeded
  },
  fail: (error) => {
  // Do something when failed
  }
  complete: () => {
  // Do something when completed
  }
})
```
[Learn more about how to get started with Mini Games SDK.](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/mini-games-sdk-get-started)
### Adapt the navigation bar
[The UI module at the top of the mini game can use `TTMinis.game.getMenuButtonBoundingClientRect](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/mini-games-sdk-ui#getMenuButtonBoundingClientRect())`to get the layout position of the menu button. It will use this value to align other operation buttons to the navigation bar at the top of the screen. This helps the navigation bar adapt to devices with Dynamic Island or a notch screen.
```
const res = TTMinis.game.getMenuButtonBoundingClientRect()
const { top, bottom, height } = result;
```
## Integrate with authorization system for third parties
When developing your mini game, be sure to integrate with our third-party authorization system, which leverages the standard OAuth2.0 protocol to allow users to register or sign in to your mini game with their TikTok account credentials.
[Invoking the Mini Games SDK Login function](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/mini-games-sdk-login#login(opts)), trigger the following code after a user attempts to log in with their TikTok account:
```
TTMinis.game.login({
  success: (result) => {
  // The user has logged in and authorized the application
  // You can get the code and send it to the backend in exchange for open_id, access_token, and more
   let code = result.code;
  },
  fail: (error) => {
  // Other errors or deauthorization code is null
  },
  complete: () => {
   //  Both success and failure will trigger this callback
  }
});
```
The code received can be sent to your app server, so the server is able to exchange `open_id` and `access_token` through `https://open.tiktokapis.com/v2/oauth/token/`_._ Then the current user information can be retrieved through `https://open.tiktokapis.com/v2/user/info/`.
Note: The access token will expire after 24 hours after initial issuance. Users may also cancel the authorization process, which will render the access token invalid. Therefore, you should handle responses for all OpenAPI interactions with TikTok. If the returned HTTP code is 401, or not 200, your server should notify your front end to re-trigger the authorization screen.
The diagram below details the request sequence flow:
Note: Please be aware of the following caveats:
- `TTMinis.game.login` method will attempt to open a browser popup which might be blocked by most browsers by default, so please only trigger it after the user click action. You can use the `TTMinis.game.getLoginStatus` method to check the current state of login process.
- You should not store or send `client_secret`, `access_token` information through browsers for security purposes, requests to `https://open.tiktokapis.com/v2/oauth/token/` and `https://open.tiktokapis.com/v2/user/info/` should be triggered by your app server.
- It is necessary to verify `state` from your app server to prevent CSRF attacks.
## Integrate with TikTok's payment system
When developing your mini game, you can integrate with TikTok's payment system, which allows users to purchase items called Beans, which they can use to acquire products within your mini game.
Integration with TikTok's payment system requires a combination of two methods: Mini Games SDK and TikTok Minis Server API.
### Combined recharge and payment flow
[[You are required to create a trade order through TikTok Minis Server API](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/minis-payment-apis#create_an_order), and call the pay function from Mini Games SDK](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/mini-games-sdk-payment#pay(opts)) after the user chooses a product. If the user has an insufficient balance, TikTok will prompt them to complete an in-app purchase for more Beans automatically. This allows you to integrate with TikTok's payment system in as few steps as possible.
### Listen to Beans redemption event through webhooks
[General instructions for using TikTok for Developers webhooks can be found in our webhook documentation overview](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/webhooks-overview). For each webhook you receive, you are responsible for doing the following:
- Immediately respond with a 200 HTTP status code to acknowledge the receipt of the event notification.
- [Verify if this webhook is legal as described in our webhook verification documentation](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/webhooks-verification).
In general, a webhook request will look like this:
#### Webhook structure
**Request Body**

| **Key** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| client_key | string | The unique identification key is provided to the partner |
| event | string | Event name |
| create_time | int64 | The time in which the event occurred. UTC epoch time is in seconds. |
| user_openid | string | The TikTok user's unique identifier; obtained through `/oauth/access_token/` |
| content | string | A serialized JSON string of event information. |

**Events**
The following events for mini games are available, as well as their corresponding definitions of content.
##### minis.trade_order.redeem.success
Indicates that the order payment has been successfully completed.
**Content**

| **Key** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| trade_order_id | string | The trade_order_id you got in response when you were calling the /trade_order/create/ API |
| order_id | string | The order_id you used as input when you were calling the /trade_order/create/ API |

**Example payload**
```
{
    "client_key": "your_client_key",
    "event": "minis.trade_order.redeem.success",
    "create_time": 1615338610,
    "user_openid": "",
    "content": "{\"trade_order_id\":\"TOID667700996\",\"order_id\":\"order_id_as_in_your_system\"}"
}
```
Note: After implementing a functional API to receive webhook, please send the detailed URL to your point of contact from TikTok, and let them register this URL for you.
##### minis.trade_order.redeem.refund_traceback
Indicates that the order amount initiated by the user in the store for a refund was partially recovered, and the `refund_amount` value is the amount that was recovered.
**Content**

| **Key** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| trade_order_id | string | The trade_order_id you got in response when you were calling the /trade_order/create/ API |
| order_id | string | The order_id you used as input when you were calling the /trade_order/create/ API |

**Example payload**
```
{
  "client_key": "your_client_key",
  "event": "minis.trade_order.redeem.refund_traceback",
  "create_time": 1744946518,
  "user_openid": "",
  "content": "{\"trade_order_id\":\"TOID2157c5ba03\",\"order_id\":\"order_id_as_in_your_system\",\"is_sandbox\":true,\"refund_amount\":80}"
}
```
## Obtain additional data
Note that TikTok user-specific data must obtained through TikTok Minis Server API according to the standard OAuth2.0 protocol, or through the APIs listed within Mini Games SDK.
If your project requires details about a user's environment, like language and operating system, you can obtain the data using standard browser capabilities. For example:
- obtain language:
```
const currentLang = navigator.language || navigator.userLanguage;
```
- obtain OS:
```
function getOS() {
    const userAgent = navigator.userAgent || navigator.vendor || window.opera;
```
## Run the build command
After developing and generating production code (always by `npm run build`), execute `ttdx minigame build:after` to generate mini game dependency files to the **production code folder**.
```
cd path/to/your/game/build
```
Please ensure that the real production code folder name is consistent with the name declared in the `minis.config.json` file's `build.folderName` field.
The execution will do the following:
- Synchronize the `minigame.config.json` file in the root directory to the build product folder.
- Create a `minigame.manifest.json` to describe the resource list for the TikTok Minis service to resolve. Refer to the following example:
```
{
  "name": "minigame.manifest.json",
  "resource_list": [
    {
      "type": "file",
      "name": "404.html"
    },
    {
      "type": "file",
      "name": "android-chrome-192x192.png"
    },
    {
      "type": "file",
      "name": "safari-pinned-tab.svg"
    },
    {
      "type": "folder",
      "name": "static",
      "children": [
        {
          "type": "folder",
          "name": "css",
          "children": [
            {
              "type": "file",
              "name": "main.ec164663.css"
            },
            {
              "type": "file",
              "name": "main.ec164663.css.map"
            }
          ]
        },
        {
          "type": "folder",
          "name": "js",
          "children": [
            {
              "type": "file",
              "name": "main.eca09dd8.js"
            },
            {
              "type": "file",
              "name": "453.d855a71b.chunk.js"
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "type": "file",
      "name": "index.html"
    }
  ]
}
```
## Debug locally
Start local debugging using the CLI tool:
```
 ~ ttdx minigame debug
```
- [[Code scanning will be performed when debugging begins. Please refer to d](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/minis-development-stage#)evelopment restrictions](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/minis-development-stage#) for specific rules.
- After passing verification, the debugging window will open through the default browser using the dev parameter configuration of `minigame.config.json`. At this time, the mini app can be previewed through the browser.
- The debug window supports the following tools:
- Dark mode
- Language env
- Device
## Test mini game in sandbox (optional)
If you are using a sandbox environment, you can test your mini game after you've completed configurations. Make sure you've added test users to your sandbox.
Once your sandbox shows **Ready for testing**, then go to the **Code assets** section. Then click the **View** button next to the version of your mini game that you want to view.
Scan the QR code with the TikTok app to view the mini game. Make sure you are using the a TikTok account in your sandbox's test user list.
## Next step: Publication stage
[After you have completed development and testing, you are ready to publish your mini game](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/mini-games-publication-stage).
Was this document helpful?