Docs
# Preparation Stage
To obtain access to mini game configurations on the Developer Portal, you must first register your app on the TikTok for Developers website and provide relevant information to your point of contact at TikTok. After receiving access, you may set up a sandbox environment for testing later on.
## Create an organization
Organizations allow multiple developers to work collaboratively on apps registered with TikTok for Developers. Create an organization on the Developer Portal to represent your corporate entity and manage contributing developers.
On the Developer Portal, go to **My organizations**, then click the **Create organization** button.
Enter a name for your organization. Your organization name will be displayed to end users on TikTok, and should therefore represent the full name of your corporate entity. The organization name cannot be modified after you've created the organization.
Find your **Organization name** and **Organization ID** in the organization details page. Click the **Invite member **button to invite contributing developers, so they can work collaboratively on your organization's apps.
[Learn more about working with organizations](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/working-with-organizations).
Tip: If your organization operates in multiple regions, you should have at least one member assigned to each region.
## Register your app
To register an app, log in to your TikTok developer account. Make sure your account is part of the organization that represents your corporate entity.
Go to the **Developer Portal**, then click **Manage apps**. Click the **Connect an app** button.
When prompted to select an app owner, select your organization. Fill out the name of your app.
Click the info icon next to the app's name to display the **App ID. **
To view your app's **Client key** and **Client secret**, go to the **Credentials** section under **Basic information **and click the eye icon.
[Learn more about registering your app](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/getting-started-create-an-app).
## Get access to mini game configurations
Provide your **App ID**, **Client key**, **Client secret**, **Organization name**,** **and **Organization ID** to your point of contact at TikTok to access mini game and monetization configurations on your TikTok for Developers app page. This may take up to **24 hours** to process.
Note: Mini games are currently only available to approved partners. If you are approved to use the mini games feature, TikTok will provide you with a point of contact for communications.
## Configure your app settings
Fill out the required fields in the **Basic information** section of your app page.
- **App icon**: Your app icon, displayed to the user as the TikTok Minis icon. Your app icon must be 1024px x 1024px, up to 5 MB, and JPEG, JPG, or PNG.
- **App name**: Your app name, displayed to the user as the mini game name.
- **Category**: The type of mini game. Choose from **Action**, **Hypercasual**, **Match**, **Puzzle**, **Racing**, **RPG**, **Simulation**, **Sports**, **Strategy**, **Tabletop**, or **Other**.
- **Subcategory**: (Optional) Extra information that can make your mini game more discoverable to users.
- **Description**: A brief explanation of what your mini game does and how it works. This will be displayed to the user as the mini game description.
- **Terms of Service URL**: Your Terms of Service address that will be displayed to users for access.
- **Privacy Policy URL**: Your Privacy Policy address that will be displayed to users for access.
- **Regions**: Where you will launch your mini game (currently only available in Japan and the United States).
- [**Apple Team ID**: A unique string generated by Apple that you must provide, so users of iOS devices can access mini games. To find your Apple Team ID, sign in to your Apple developer account and click "Membership details." Learn more on Apple Developer](https://developer.apple.com/help/account/manage-your-team/locate-your-team-id/).
- **Email**: Users can contact you through this email if the report result doesn't meet their expectations and they submit an appeal for review.
### Upload promotional image assets
Promotional image assets are displayed on TikTok as image cards, following different scenarios. Your image assets must be 360px × 360px, up to 5 MB, and JPEG, JPG, or PNG.
- **DM sharing thumbnail**: Users can share your app with friends via direct message on TikTok. The image displayed in their inbox will be chosen randomly from one of the uploaded images.
- You can upload up to 3 images.
### Add languages for localization
Add languages based on the launch regions of your mini app. English is the default language and will be configured automatically.
Provide information about your app in your selected languages, including Terms of Service and Privacy Policy URLs for each of your launch regions.
You can also upload different DM sharing thumbnails for each selected language.
### Manage scopes
The **user.info****.basic** scope is automatically added to your app. Add the **user.settings.display** scope to obtain read access to the user's set language and theme on TikTok.
## Create a sandbox for testing (optional)
After you have received access to mini game configurations on your app page, you may optionally set up a sandbox environment. This recommended step will allow you to test integrations in a restricted environment. You can import your sandbox configuration to production later on, after debugging and testing.
To add a sandbox, go to the **Sandbox** section on your app page and click **Create Sandbox**. Make sure to clone your new sandbox from production, so your app configurations entered in the previous step will copy over.
[Learn more about adding a sandbox environment](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/add-a-sandbox).
## Next step: Development stage
[After you have registered your app with TikTok for developers and obtained access to the mini games capability, proceed to the development stage](https://developers.tiktok.com/doc/mini-games-development-stage).
Was this document helpful?